Add security documentation (#105)
canonical/hockeypuck-k8s-operator: docs/how-to/integrate-with-cos.md

juju integrate hockeypuck-k8s admin/cos-lite.prometheus
```

Ensure that Hockeypuck and the COS Lite applications are settled down (you can monitor this by using `juju status --watch 2s`).

Obtain the Grafana dashboard credentials by running the `get-admin-password` action:

```bash
juju switch cos-lite
juju run grafana/0 get-admin-password
```

> This would return the URL and the admin password to access the Hockeypuck dashboard. Now, on your host machine, open a web browser, enter the Grafana URL, and use the username “admin” and your Grafana password to log in. Under **Home > Dashboards**, you must be able to see the Hockeypuck dashboard listed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action returns the URL and the admin password to access the Hockeypuck dashboard. Now, on your host machine, open a web browser, enter the Grafana URL, and use the username “admin” and your Grafana password to log in. Under **Home > Dashboards**, you should be able to see the Hockeypuck dashboard listed.
```
